Let's do a quick recap.
The transformers library has a pipeline
object that you can use to apply state of
the art transformer models for
different NLP tasks.
Pipelines take care of pre-processing
your inputs, running the model and
post processing the outsports for you.
So it is human readable for instance with
a pipeline for the question answering
task, you can use a transformer to answer
different questions provided the context.
To use a transformer model,
you only need to indicate the task that
you need your pipeline to work on.
In other words, pipelines are objects
that you built for specific and
copy tasks to initialize a pipeline.
You only need to pass the task,
but if you need you can also
indicate the model checkpoints you want
to use to use an initialized pipeline.
You only need to provide
the appropriate inputs that your
task requires hugging face supports
the most popular NLP tasks.
But hugging face does not focus only
on NLP it also supports other tasks,
such as image classification,
object detection, for
computer vision,
automatic speech recognition and others.
For instance, you could use the familiar
sentiment analysis task if your goal is
to classify a sequence is positive or
negative.
The input of this pipeline
is a sentence and
the output is the category to
which the sentence belongs.
You can also create a pipeline for
question answering.
If you want a model
that answers questions,
extracting information from a context,
you provide.
The input here is the context and
the sets of questions and
the model outputs the corresponding
answers if it finds any.
Another task that you might find
helpful is film mask what you
can use when you need your model
to fill blank spaces in the text.
This pipeline needs the sentence
you want to fill and
the exact position you need
your model to fill it.
It's us puts a series of possible
ways to complete the sentence.
And there are many more tasks that you can
find directly on the hugging face website.
As I already told you,
you can pick the specific model checkpoint
that you want to use with your pipeline.
Hugging face provides a huge number of
checkpoints and some of them are fine
tuned using massive data sets to give
exceptional results on specific tasks.
However, it's best to keep in mind that
not every checkpoint is suitable for
every task.
So you should check the description
of the pre-trained models to select
the appropriate checkpoint or stick
with the default used by the pipeline.
Finally, you could be asking where can
I find a proper model for my task and
use the checkpoints, for
that hugging face has a model hub
available as hugging face dot com.
There you will find several pre-trained
models you'll be able to filter by
your desire task or even by the dataset or
framework you need to use.
Once you select the model that
fits better to your needs,
you will see the model card interface.
The model card shows you information about
your selected model such as description
of the same and some code snippets.
Such as a description of the same model,
and
some code snippets with examples
on how to use the selected model.